all right so when I met Elon Musk
five years ago not that many people knew
who was and out of the people who did
many of them thought he was crazy and
would never succeed Tesla so like
electric vehicle maker and I think this
space is all sizzle you don't want on
this time you don't want to listen
Yuriy you shouldn't even rent the darn
thing you know there are American heroes
who don't like this idea Neil Armstrong
Gene Cernan have both testified against
commercial spaceflight in the way that
you're developing it I was very sad to
see that because those guys are yeah
yeah those guys are heroes of mine so
it's really tough you can see the
Tesla's just shooting up there and it's
now overtaking but four is on its way to
overtaking GM how is this possible Davis
[Applause]
[Music]
now in my opinion seeing this man prove
every single data wrong one by one while
building businesses that actually make a
difference is slowly turning him into
the greatest entrepreneur of all time
and when I first met him he left me with
some advice so that's me scratching my
head for a couple of years all right so
when I was 18 I started my first company
and I got into the pilot program of this
new school for entrepreneurs called
Draper University there was a crazy
month-long boot camp on how to start
your startup
now Tim Draper who started the school is
one of the biggest venture capitalists
in the world he's also one of the
biggest and first investors in two of
Elon Musk's companies Tesla and SpaceX
and so he got the forty students of his
new school invited at the Tesla factory
for the launch of the Tesla Model S
which ended up being voted as one of the
greatest cars ever created I was blown
away it truly felt like a place that had
an opportunity to change the world so he
finally arrives after we got the tour
and we get to ask him some questions the
one person asks him as an established
entrepreneur what advice would he have
for all the young people here trying to
start up now as an eighth eighteen year
old I was hoping I would get the most
inspirational speech by breaking
boundaries and changing the world and
just tackling industries that no one's
ever dared to tackle but instead we got
a brutally honest
Elon answer I think
I think it's very difficult to start
companies and quite painful I mean this
is this friend of mine who's got a good
phrase for during startup this like it's
like eating glasses staring at the abyss
if you're sort of wired to do it then
you should do it but but not otherwise
leave this way if you need inspiring
words
don't do it all right you get what I
mean right it's it's a little
underwhelming and maybe I just think
it's cool today because Elon said it but
for me the journey didn't end there see
at first I was honestly a little
frustrated and slightly confused by his
answer because I felt like he could have
done a better job at inspiring all the
young people here to start their own
projects but he wasn't until two years
later after my first company failed and
I had to close down the operation and
tell every single person that had
trusted me up until that point that it
just wasn't going to work out that I
fully understood what he meant the day
we shut down what he said popped back
into my head and I realized three things
that day first being an entrepreneur has
kind of been glorified in movies and TV
shows one for the most part running and
company kind of sucks many of us aren't
ready for it or are more interested in
the idea of being an entrepreneur rather
than actually wanting to put in the work
to become one second his advice kind of
served as a poser filter setting in
front of a group of 50 people all saying
they want to be entrepreneurs while the
truth is most of us probably weren't
suited for it or ready for it and so if
you're discouraged by someone telling
you not to do it but you probably were
meant to do it in the first place
and finally for anyone that is truly
driven they should only fuel you with
more motivation he knows that he just
motivated the real entrepreneurs in the
group to prove him wrong but he also
knows that he just did you a favor
because when you're gonna be struggling
when your startup is gonna be all over
the place and everything's gonna feel
hopeless you're gonna remember man Ilan
warned me now I want to put out a dream
I've had out into the universe because
when Ilan was at a conference he said
this there's a sort of a philosophic
concept that a sufficiently advanced
civilization will be able to create so
as a simulation yeah
maybe you've answered this before I
simulate had so many simulation
discussions it's crazy
okay so because cuz in fact it got to
the point where basically every
conversation was
the aiai / simulation conversation and
my brother and I finally agreed that we
would ban such conversations if we're
ever in a hot tub that was like that to
me that actually sounds pretty damn
awesome simulation theory and AI is
something I would love to discuss with
the Elan musk in the hot tub
specifically I just don't think anyone
has thought about the topics at a depth
that can mash his so mister Elon Musk we
live in Venice Beach which is very close
to Hawthorne where SpaceX is based so
this is an open invitation to go find a
hot tub together and go discuss AI and
simulation theory what do you say
alright so on another note a lot of you
have been asking how do we learn how to
edit how did we learn how to make videos
and how did we learn how to start a
business I learned how to edit just a
few years ago through online resources
there's so many of them and sometimes it
can just get overwhelming so where do
you go to learn all this stuff there's
this one website that I've been using
for a few months now and that we love
called Skillshare they're honestly
pretty damn amazing we have over 17,000
classes and any topic that you could
possibly think of I really think it's
important to learn from people that
actually know what they're talking about
and they have some of the brightest
people in the world teach the different
classes so if you're into marketing and
have the best in the world like Seth
Godin and Gary Vaynerchuk teach the
topic if you're into filmmaking is an
amazing course on how to get started
with editing and so we actually
connected with Skillshare and they
accepted to give 250 of you two months a
free trial so only the first two and a
fifty of you that actually click on the
link in the bio the best part is if you
don't like it you can just cancel at any
moment with no risk but if you do want
to continue using it it's only ten
dollars a month I would hurry up if I
were you click the link in the
description i've already claimed mind
and just go explore pick some new
classes maybe pick up the topic that
you've never thought about learning
before that might be the most exciting
one another notes i will see you on
Sunday
[Music]